oh my fucking god what's going on today
guys firstly I know my curtains are
absolutely hideous and they're the
colour a well a green shit kinda looks
like the vomit from the movie The
Exorcist if you really think about it
guys today we're gonna be talking about
well writing yes fucking writing three
days grace awesome song let's start a
riot a little riot on fucking runescape
no not really what do you riots really
accomplish on this game well you see
riots really there they just kind of
attract more people have you guys ever
seen the South Park episode where people
come from the future to basically work
really really cheap and the people of
South Park basically say well fuck it
there can't be any people in the future
if we just all turn gay because you know
they don't repopulate the earth so then
there would be no people in the future
it's the perfect plan so anyways how
long have people have been having riots
on this game well it's basically I'd say
probably around I think around 2008 oh
yeah right around that timeframe I mean
that's really when Jagex started really
enforcing a lot of its strict burpee
smelly I can actually taste breakfast
sausages that I actually had subway
breakfast uh this morning it was
actually delicious
I had a fucking six-inch flatbread of
egg sausage onions and lettuce that was
actually fucking pretty good for $3.50
buddy wait seriously basically pretty
much anything before 2008 that really
wasn't too much you basically ride about
on this game now well there's a lot of
shit to baby yeah hey get a lot of
people panties all you know in a bunch
and kind of on a flagpole and it kind of
sucks all together but seriously what is
riding pretty much accomplished on this
game besides get a large group of people
and one area and you kind of just get a
whole bunch of player mods a whole bunch
of
it's mods j-mods basically come and kind
of start muting people banning people
forced doing you know just spamming all
doors and stuff like that it really
doesn't do too much there's a lag the
server fuck no because we really think
about it think about world - how many
people try to log into world - every
single day even when it's filled so if
you get 500 people into like let's say
world 22 and bring world 22 from 1400
people to 1,900 people really not going
to make a difference all it pretty much
does is kind of well form a hooba hooba
mosh pit I mean that's basically what
the hooba hooba mosh pit pretty much is
a group of fucking people kind of like
fucking each other kind of like right
but seriously do rights actually work on
runescape and to be perfectly honest
they really don't be a keas they really
don't achieve really much of anything
but getting people you know muted and
fucking banned for stupid reasons ha but
anyways yeah so let me know some nasty
dirty little comments when it was the
last riot you guys went to I actually
just came from a ride it was actually in
world fucking out 54 it was a small riot
it consisted of me myself and my cock
and we basically were riding because
well we want free bananas on runescape
goddammit see you guys later bye